# ArrayChallenge (Day1 of 100)

On Day 1 of my 100 Days of Code, i solved this array challenge with Javascript

QUESTION:
Have the function ArrayChallenge (strArr) read
the array of strings stored in strArr which will
contain 2 elements: the first element will be a
sequence of characters, and the second element will
be a long string of comma-separated words, in
alphabetical order, that represents a dictionary of
some arbitrary length. For example: strArr can be:
[“hellocat”,”apple,bat,cat,goodbye,hello,yellow,why”].
Your goal is to determine if the first element in the
input can be split into two words, where both words
exist in the dictionary that is provided in the second
input. In this example, the first element can be split
into two words: hello and cat because both of those
words are in the dictionary.

Your program should return the two words that exist in
the dictionary separated by a comma. So for the
example above, your program should return hello,cat.
There will only be one correct way to split the first
element of characters into two words. If there is no
way to split string into two words that exist in the
dictionary, return the string not possible. The first
element itself will never exist in the dictionary as a real
word.
